---
subject: Meeting: Future of Development (Tomorrow)
to: All Volunteers
preview-text: interested in contributing to our kit and software? We're holding a meeting tomorrow to discuss this.
---

Hi

Now that the competition is over, we have some time to look into future development of kit and competition software.

There will be a meeting held, with SourceBots, as there is a large overlap between our kits.

There are two main deadlines that we will face:
- August 2019: Smallpeice Summer School (SourceBots)
- October / November 2019: Student Robotics Kickstart

An agenda for the meeting has been written and has been [published online][agenda]. Please feel free to add any relevant points that you would like to discuss.

The meeting will be held on **Monday 29th April, 7 - 8pm**.

To join the video meeting, click [this link][gmeet]

There will also be a group of people joining together at Southampton University, in room 53/4025.

We realise that this is quite short notice before the meeting. Sorry, we will try to notify via all channels earlier in the future. If you are unable to make it, we will be publishing minutes for the meeting afterwards in [`#kit-dev`](https://studentrobotics.slack.com/messages/kit-dev) in [Student Robotics Slack][slack]. (Use the [sign-up form][slack-signup] to join the slack if you haven't already)

[agenda]: https://hackmd.io/1zHBGaozQxyxJBvvoaeMVw
[gmeet]: https://meet.google.com/gqd-dpsg-eaa
[slack]: https://studentrobotics.slack.com/
[sro-minutes]: https://github.com/s-r-o/minutes/
[slack-signup]: https://goo.gl/forms/Maq41MHF8CYSRVn83
